Fix doc generation and improve on structure + some content (#233)
ecmwf/fdb: docs/fdb/content/introduction.rst

============
Introduction
============

|Licence|

> FDB (Fields DataBase) is a domain-specific object store developed at ECMWF for storing, indexing and retrieving GRIB data. Each GRIB message is stored as a field and indexed through semantic metadata (i.e. physical variables such as temperature, pressure, ...).

Reviewer: No. The FDB is not specific to GRIB data. And we certainly don't want to have this at the high level.

> FDB (Fields DataBase) is a domain-specific object store developed at ECMWF for storing, indexing and retrieving GRIB data. Each GRIB message is stored as a field and indexed through semantic metadata (i.e. physical variables such as temperature, pressure, ...).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FDB (Fields DataBase) is a domain-specific object store developed at ECMWF for storing, indexing and retrieving meteorological data. The data objects to be stored should be self-describing (messages), and are stored and indexed according to their semantic metadata (such as 'atmospheric level' or 'physical parameter').
```
